Release notes:

* 1.0.0-alpha5 (2013.10.29)

Many small changes, refactoring and polishing the code

Many new test projects added, most important:

- [https://play2-maven-plugin.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/test-projects/activator Activator projects] - copied from [http://www.typesafe.com/activator/templates Typesafe Activator templates] and mavenized

- [https://play2-maven-plugin.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/test-projects/play21/external-modules/webjars WebJars test projects for Play! 2.1.x] - copied from [https://github.com/webjars/sample-play2/tree/play-2.1 WebJars project] and mavenized

- [https://play2-maven-plugin.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/test-projects/play22/external-modules/webjars WebJars test projects for Play! 2.2.x] - copied from [https://github.com/webjars/sample-play2/tree/play-2.2.x webJars project] and mavenized

* 1.0.0-alpha4 (2013.10.24)

New features:

For the first time plugin was tested with independent Play! modules: Deadbolt and SecureSocial. It works!

Changes:

- [http://code.google.com/p/play2-maven-plugin/issues/detail?id=11 Issue 11] remove tricky "mainLang" autodetection mechanism. "scala" is not default "mainLang" value. If you need "java", you have to add it to plugin's configuration section. See [http://play2-maven-plugin.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/test-projects/play22/java/ example projects for Java]

* 1.0.0-alpha3 (2013.10.21)

New features:

- [http://code.google.com/p/play2-maven-plugin/issues/detail?id=7 Issue 7] Play! 2.1.x and 2.2.x support.

Fixed:

- [http://code.google.com/p/play2-maven-plugin/issues/detail?id=8 Issue 8] - fix bug in "start" script generated by "dist" mojo

- [http://code.google.com/p/play2-maven-plugin/issues/detail?id=9 Issue 9] - add "mainLang" configuration parameter to avoid autodetection

- [http://code.google.com/p/play2-maven-plugin/issues/detail?id=10 Issue 10] - add "scalacOptions" and "javacOptions" configuration parameters

* 1.0.0-alpha2 (2013.09.20)

Fixed:

- [http://code.google.com/p/play2-maven-plugin/issues/detail?id=2 Issue 2] - configurable source encoding ("-encoding" option added to javac and scalac compilers) and full debug information in compiled classes ("-g" option added to javac compiler)

* 1.0.0-alpha1 (2013.04.23)

This is the first, experimental version.

It supports:

- *Java* and *Scala* sources compilation,

- *Coffee*, *JS* and *Less* assets compilation,

- *runnig tests* with Maven Surefire Plugin,

- *packaging* using Maven Jar Plugin,

- "*dist*" and "*dist-exploded*" packaging (a'la Play2 "dist" task),

- "*run*", "*start*" and "*stop*" commands for running Play! server, but without hot reloading yet

It does not support:

- multimodule builds (with modularized routes for example),

- hot reloading when running server,

- war packaging ([https://github.com/dlecan/play2-war-plugin Play2 War plugin] integration?)